hi guys and welcome back to three
letters C so first of all when I say
thank you so much for commenting give me
ideas in my last video suggestions
requests just thank you for getting
involved thank you for all those who
just took time and you know requested
which is kind of getting the juices
flowing and some requests you know are
kind of making me think outside of the
box so I thank you so much and I cannot
wait to start you know doing those
videos that you guys have requested now
right now I'm just starting with the
easier ones first kind of getting them
out of the way and then I'll kind of
work through the list you know what I
mean
so each request will be granted it'll be
just some time you know they'll just be
patient
my husband's gonna be gone next week for
about four or five days so I feel like
I'll have more time to film during that
time and I think I'll be able to knock
off you know several videos I think not
that week or next week but you know what
that being said this video is as you can
see by the title is a question I get all
the time and is what kind of haircut do
you have and frankly I don't have
there's like there's no name for my
haircut one of my really really good
friends she's one that actually cuts my
hair she's been cutting my hair for
almost two years and it's just been an
you know an experience for her because
first of all she's white not that white
girls can't cut hair um that's not what
I meant
but she is Sierra in particular
she's never cut she's never cut curly
hair like mine I'm like about a 3b
and the curly girl chart I guess if you
call it though she's used to cutting
more like wavy or straight hair and
she's not a professional she used to be
she let her license go you know she
never renewed it so she kind of does it
you know for her friends or her family
and I was you know the last enough to
meet her you know about four or five
years ago and or maybe a lot less than
that anyway so when she started it was
definitely an experience it was a
working progress of my hair it always it
would always look nice you know that
wasn't the issue but I still wanted to
look a certain way so it really took a
while for us to figure out and for me to
figure out how early I wanted my hair
what was it that I wanted my hair to do
so um you know she finally learned my
curl pattern she knows my curl pattern
she knows what I like and you know she
listens which is always a good trait to
have in a hair stylist I guess so um
what I have her do I have her trim my
hair I'm no longer cutting it because
I'm in the process of letting it grow so
last time she she trimmed my hair she
took off about an inch all over and then
she cut shorter layers on the crown area
because for curly here I mean for anyone
I mean you want volume and the top so
she took off about two inches there and
then she didn't you know she did
excessive layers I like excessive layers
and with curly hair that's what you want
you want excessive layers because that's
how you get body and fullness
besides that or on top of that oh so she
went ahead and did this technique which
I finally learned the term and it's
called notching and it's where she takes
you know a piece of hair not a piece of
here like she'll take let's say like
this piece right here and then she just
stood up cutting it like that she'll cut
at it
and she'll do like you know almost like
a like jagged edges you know not the
lunch not straight it's more like jagged
edges so that's what she does throughout
my entire hair and that way my layers
blend nicely and my curls blend nicely
into each other and you cannot see a
line of demarcation like you can't see
where one layer starts they were the
other one finishes it so that is what I
do that is the kind of you know that's
the haircut that I that I get you know
and she's gonna continue to pretty much
do that like that's what I like as my
hair grows out I'm just gonna continue
to have her do that like there's just
you know I finally got it to where it
looks good enough the girls out this is
second to here and as it grows out is
gonna continue to fall away I like it so
it's always going to kind of have this
fullness on the top and as it grows out
it's gonna look even better but I'm
definitely the process of letting it
grow out and like summer is crazy it's
been so so hot
and I've never been like I've had my
hair short for about oh my gosh like
five years I would say almost five years
and I look back at old pictures and I'm
just like ah I missed my long hair so I
want to kind of let it grow back but
then you know when summertime comes
around I remember why the heck I cut it
in the first place and it's because I
cannot stand a hair on my back but I'm
gonna stick it through because I do miss
my long hair has short hair for so many
years like usually I don't let it go
past my shoulders the longest I've I've
had it you know what I mean usually I
have a routine or a lot shorter so yeah
that is pretty much it just trim it to
excessive layers throughout the hair a
lot shorter layers on the crown area and
then notching so for those of you guys
who've been asking who've been you know
are looking forward to getting a haircut
and you know you've asked well Jasmine
you know what how is a haircut so I can
tell my stylist that's pretty much what
it is just excessive layers and shorter
layers on top and then notching that's
that's pretty much it and that way like
you're you know curls blend in really
nicely together and there is no line of
demarcation when it comes to the actual
layers okay guys so thank you so much
for watching I hope the helps and I'll
talk to you guys in my next video
god bless you bye